hey everybody hunter Fisher trapper
trader guide scout and interpreter and
yes the country cook Steve Hall here in
Nashville Tennessee along with pretty
miss Sheila running that camera hi
Sheila
today we're gonna make beer batter onion
rings I'm gonna make them for two
reasons one cuz I'm from Minnesota and
they beer batter everything up there
they got beer batter fish on your face I
think they got beer battered beer batter
I'm not sure and they love their beer in
their batter in fact they run around
singing them songs and heaven there is
no beer that's why we drink it here and
when we're gone from here all our
friends will be drinking all the beer
they love that kind of stuff up there
and the other reason I'm gonna make
these hunting rings is because of Sheila
you see Sheila and I go over to Sonic
that drive-in where the girls come up
with the roller skates and bring you
those delicious hamburgers and I always
asked Sheila you want some onion rings
now I don't want any are you sure no I
don't want any and I look out there and
they got small medium large and even
though I want to get small for just me i
order mediums because when I get those
burgers and I had her her hamburger and
I got mine I set that little cardboard
tray on the center console of my truck
and pretty soon I noticed my count ain't
the same that is there's missing one
here and there so I kind of look like
I'm looking out the window now the
corner of my eye Oh see that little
fingers come over and take an onion ring
you know the lady that didn't want any
yeah so we're gonna make a few extra
earrings because who knows maybe a
little finger will come in grab one in
the middle of the recipe I don't know
but let's get started on some
beer-battered onion rings come on over
here I'll show you what I'm gonna do now
I always use sweet onions and I buy
these big onions for the onion rings and
I go over to the section where it says
sweet onions peeled so they're already
peeled but that don't make any
difference to me because I still cut the
ends off which I've already done and
then I do make a little cut in here and
peel even though it says peeled I still
take that softer outer chunk off of
there cuz it just doesn't work good for
the onion rings and then I cut these
babies a nice 3/8 or so nice thick
slices here I've got one cut up already
over here in this
make sure you cut away from your hands
see what happens perfect reason why I
always cut away from my hand when they
can get one more slice out of there I go
down you know don't do any of this stuff
here you know make sure you go straight
down away from your hand when you're
cutting now you can use smaller onions
but make sure you use sweet onions and
what I do is I punch these all out and I
picked the perfect ones like these
little guys like this I keep them in the
refrigerator so I can go ahead and use
them the next day but anything that
looks like it'll make a nice onion ring
I keep and then little teeny baby ones
out of the middle oh these are so good
in a salad but I picked the ones that
look like they'll really be nice for
deep fry and onion rings let's see
that's a little soft on the outside so
I'll put him over there these look good
and what I'm doing is I'm putting them
in a bowl of cold water over here really
cold because this whole recipe you want
to keep everything as cold as possible
and they'll fry up so crisp and so
delicious but there we go these are even
kind of good I might throw a couple
small ones in there then we're gonna put
this in ice-cold water here and we're
gonna hit this with a good teaspoon of
salt and we're gonna let these soak in
here to make sure they're nice and cold
I'm even gonna put in a little bit of
ice I just want to keep that really
really cold why it sits on the counter
let me see if I can get this back in a
camera frame a little better and what
we're doing is we're kind of making the
sweat a little bit with that salt it's
going to pull some of the moisture out
of the onion rings and we're gonna want
that so we can coat it with flour we'll
see in about 20 minutes when these have
been in this ice water long enough to
where you can give it the first coating
see you then all right our onions been
soaking for about 20 minutes in the salt
water and here's the thing how many
times have you ate onion rings and the
breading falls off the outside or the
onion
falls out it doesn't stick to the onion
well this process is going to cure that
so what we're going to do here is I'm
going to pick the best of the best out
of here and we're putting this in just
regular flour kind of scoot around make
sure you get the inside and the outside
and then we're going to lay them over
here on the side here and we're just
going to let them set for again another
20 minutes and tell this breading this
flour really soaks and sticks to the
onion ring we're going to make a batter
which is totally separate than this
process but this process will make sure
that your batter sticks not only during
the frying process but during the eating
process to your onion rings let me get
these all floured up and again this is
just regular all-purpose flour we just
want to put a coating on these onion
rings
and set them over here on this rack so
they get tacky so it sticks to the onion
which has been sweating because of the
salt I'll be back when I get these all
battered up here now I said get these
all battered up what I meant to say is
get them all breaded up because we're
gonna make a batter but this kind of
reminds me of being down at my grandma
halls years ago because we basically
turned this flour and water on the
outside of the onion into glue and we
used to make homemade kites and where's
kids and what we use a little flour and
little water mix it up put it on the
newspaper fold it over the string and
the sticks and that's a whole nother
show but that's what that remind me of
so it's real tacky now it's been sitting
here for about 20 minutes and while
we're doing this letting this rest it'll
give us an opportunity to make our
batter now in here we're going to put 1
cup of all-purpose flour and 1/4 of a
cup of corn starch because that's going
to make it real crispy and real good now
let me tell you what's in here I've got
a teaspoon of paprika where's my little
phone here I always keep track of all my
ingredients yeah I got a teaspoon of
paprika a teaspoon of salt 1/2 a
teaspoon of baking powder and 1/2 a
teaspoon of white pepper and I use white
pepper because then you
don't see the little specs on there and
that's what we're gonna put in there and
if I kind of mixed up the ingredients
don't worry because we always put all
the ingredients right under the video
just click on see more add more whatever
that button is it'll drop down you'll
see the entire description for the
entire recipe in there well we're gonna
mix this together and this is going to
be our batter wait a minute how can we
have a batter with dry ingredients oh I
know in heaven there is no beer now you
can use any beer you want you can use a
dark beer a light beer Light beer
Michelob Ultra is what I'm using here
today and I'm gonna put in about a cup
but we're gonna do this to where it
turns into almost like a pancake batter
that's what we're looking for so let me
pour this in kind of get this mixed and
see where we are now if you get it too
thin you can always add a little more
flour then a little more beer than a
little more flour pretty soon you'll
have a 55-gallon barrel of batter that
you have to mix with an outboard motor
so we're gonna try to make sure that we
hit our target early now see this a
little thick so this beer needs to thin
this out we want to get it nice and all
I can I could say pancake batter not too
thin but we want it so that they'll sink
down in there when we move them from
this rack over here into here and into
the oil so we're heating our oil up to
350 degrees now you can use peanut oil
you can use canola oil you can use
vegetable oil of any kind that you want
and let's see what we're doing here just
took a little bit more flour to get a
perfect batter look at that we're ready
to dip our pre floured tacky
onion rings in here and into the oil but
before I do that I want to explain
something the other day we did a recipe
where we did deep fried coca-cola now on
the front of this cooker you'll see that
it says 275 degrees and I mentioned in
the recipe that we were cooking at 350
degrees and we were this is passing 300
degrees right now
and it kind of levels out at 350 when
this cooktop here is set at 275 so don't
let these cooktops lie to you if you
think you're cooking something at say
225 or 250 put a thermometer in the oil
or in your recipe whatever you're
cooking to make sure that this thing
isn't lying to you so now I'm gonna cook
these onion rings at 350 degrees it's
just a little over 300 and it'll stop at
about 350 when I have this set at 275 so
don't send me any emails that said hey
you said you're cooking at 350 but yet
your stovetop says 275 and I have no
idea why I kind of stumbled across that
because I set it at 275 thinking I'll go
in and get some of our ingredients ready
this was on another recipe throw on my
little trusty apron and come back in
here and I came back and the gauge was
at 350 degrees I thought that ain't
right but it stopped at 350 I thought
perfect I know if I set this at 275 the
oil will be at 350 now we're up to about
310 we'll see you at 350 and because
that's where this is going to stop even
though this is at 275 days nor that part
and then we're gonna put these onion
rings in this beautiful batter and make
these beer batter onion rings see in a
few minutes I just want to let you know
this thing's lying to you see what did I
tell you even though the cooktop is set
at 275 look at the gauge 350 degrees
ready to cook but I just want to show
you that ok our oil is perfect our
batter is just perfect
our pre flour breaded onions are perfect
it's time to put these in there now you
can use a fork or anything you want but
I like these little skewers that you use
for kabobs because when you pick one of
these up and put it in there you don't
get a lot of batter on here like you
would with a fork that gathers it up on
all the prongs so once we got it in
there we want to shake off the excess
kind of pick a moment when it's not
dripping
about right there drop it in the oil see
then we don't hardly have anything on
this little skewer I like using a little
wooden skewers for this just to push it
under there
we're only gonna do a few at a time and
we're gonna move them over here to our
paper towel now I was cooking venison
hard the other day and I was putting it
on a paper towel and a guy sent me an
email it said I was watching it on the
Food Network and they said to put it on
a rack over paper towels but if the
paper towel is that far below the rack
how does that suck up any grease out of
anything
I've been cooking fish for many many
years and I've been cooking stuff like
this for years and I always put it on
paper towels same with bacon or any of
that stuff
you go to some of these restaurants and
they got that they got that bacon as
just greasy they've laid it on a rack
over paper towels so just for fun and I
want the whoever sent that to me just do
it however you want to do it that's fine
with me
but just for fun I went on YouTube and I
looked up deep-fried onion rings and
there was a lady on there cooking them I
think she did a dry recipe or maybe a
batter I'm not sure maybe it was a beer
batter recipe and when she got done
frying them up golden brown here she put
him on a paper towel it was a lady maybe
you heard of her Martha Stewart so if
it's good enough front Martha it's good
enough for Steve we're gonna put these
babies on a paper towel over here and
I'll bet they stay just as crispy and as
crunchy as can be because it's gonna
soak the oil out of them and I'll bet
our first one is getting pretty close to
being done here we'll give them a little
turn let em look good don't they Sheila
see if I can't get another one in there
and when I when I breaded these all up
or battered these all up or whatever I
did with him I put flour on him I kind
of stacked him about three levels high
and they did just fine not touching each
other so that worked out pretty good
okay I see awesome you always tell me
you don't want the onion rings but I see
them little fingers in the corner of my
eyes sneak in there see but you didn't
say you wanted one you said you wanted
none say there's some now I know you
guys out there that are watching you
don't have any of them women that do
that kind of stuff oops you got to put
this in the batter first Eve duh see
what happened Sheila gets me all mixed
up but there's guys that got those wives
out there that say I'm not really on a
diet I'm just you go ahead and order
something and I'll just have a bite of
yours well I don't want anybody to have
a bite of mine I want to eat mine or no
okay okay these are looking so terrific
look at this man old man don't be afraid
to cook the fighting to see that batter
never gets any thicker on that little
stick I like that part you use a fork
and you get all kinds of excess stuff in
there honey we're gonna have to go to
the State Fair and get a booth and make
beer batter onion rings it'll make a
million dollars
you know what and she would go with me
to she's just that kind of girl out
there and I got another stick over here
that I can use just for stirring these
onion rings around and taking them out
and it won't never have any batter on it
so I can double stick it you see it I'm
saying Shayla let me get there for all
my Minnesota fans out there that like
their beer batter stuff this recipe is
for you and anybody else that likes beer
batter fish onion rings whatever
let's get these over here on this paper
towel cool them off and while they're
still hot let me get my salt shaker over
here well it's still hot you want to
give them just a touch now you can use
kosher salt or whatever but just give
them a just a little teeny sprinkle of
salt on the outside while they're still
hot if you let them cool off in the Sun
then the salt won't stick to him oh boy
couldn't be happier with the outcome of
these these look just great icy ones got
the name Sheila written right on it and
see here's the thing after Sheila steals
enough onion rings out of my little
paper container over there there's what
is I think it's like six eight and ten
or something like that six is the small
eight is the medium and ten is the C but
you didn't say you wanted one you said
you wanted none I said are you sure you
don't want any onion rings well why
don't you just say well I'll have one of
yours so I know whether to get a small
or a medium
that's why I ordered the medium because
I know she's gonna gonna swipe it from
me here
all right you notice how many more I got
over here because I've been so shocked
through the through the years of being
ripped off from my onion rings then I
made a whole bunch of them today we're
gonna have way too many here we're gonna
have to give some to the neighbors all
right oh you know I you got it you got
it framed up over here you don't have it
on the paper towels right all right well
move over to the paper towel thanks to
Sheila sneak in my little I got batter
on both these little sticks
I gotta keep track of what I'm doing
there look at how nice them turned out
Wow we thanks to Sheila robbing them out
of my little paper tub over there at
Sonic that didn't sign it I love their
little song too
I've got so many onion rings like I'm
gonna be cooking here for 15 or 20
minutes yet before I get done
yep see see man oh man I think if you
just take one great big onion you might
have enough for a meal you don't really
need to but I want to make sure that I
had the best of the best looking onion
rings that were real nice and anything
on the outside any of those that broke
or any of them that didn't look just
right or the little teeny teeny teeny
parts I left them in the bowl in the
kitchen they're gonna go in a salad and
some of them will go in an omelet in the
morning and all the above look at me
thanks to Sheila I have onion rings
cooling on paper towels all over the
place now if you got some guests coming
over
remember this is two onions and the
Ann's were cut off and the centers were
punched out I never even used that part
of it I know she I might be out of frame
here but let's let these cool then I'll
show you how crunchy these are laying on
paper towels see in a second look what I
have created enough
in rings that even Sheila can swipe one
and I'm going to take one of these these
are cooling off a little bit I'm gonna
take one of these and I'm gonna bite it
up here by the microphone so you can see
if it was okay to lay them on paper
towels do that crunch hmm and look the
breading sticks to the onion because we
pre coated them hello to bite them
crunchy ones up there and we got two
types of dipping sauce here the standard
ketchup and over here my favorite sauce
for anything onion bloomin onions onion
petals onion rings Frank's redhot sweet
chili sauce for dipping
he tried just a dip of this oh your
stuff is so fantastic this is delicious
you have got to try this recipe they're
crunchy you can provide a couple
different dipping sauces
did I miss something did you guys see
anything I think that might have been
the little onion ring bandit from sonic
who just swiped a big juicy onion ring
out of there that's why I made some
extra ones because I know that little
fingers are gonna show up sooner or
later
but you're gonna just love this 18 19 20
21 I'm missing an onion ring they're
supposed to be 22 of them laying here
but there's one missing and I think the
little Sheila Meister might have got it
of course I already bit out of this one
again because it is so good I love to
crunch this up by the mic hear that man
they are just absolutely outstanding get
you some sweet onions get you some beer
get you some bad or get those
ingredients I'll put it right underneath
the video get yourself some Frank's
redhot sweet chilli sauce for dipping
and more I just love anything onion and
that stuff and get you some Fred
is over to the house whip this up
deep-fry them put them on a rack or
paper towel whatever you wanna do
doesn't matter to me but try this recipe
we hope you enjoyed it and again this
was out to all my beer batter friends up
there in Minnesota we hope you subscribe
to our Channel now that's pretty easy
little shotgun dreads face will pop up
over here in just a little bit when it
does click on it when it says subscribe
right next to it as a bell if you click
on that bell and then click the
notification box you'll be notified
every time we come out with a new recipe
we really hope you do that we'll put
another recipe over here that we hope
you enjoy and is this the best beer
batter onion ring recipe mmm anywhere on
the planet if it ain't it ought to be by
the way like I mentioned all the
ingredients are right underneath the
video you never have to go to a website
to get any of our recipes but if you do
want to sneak over to our website you
can do that - shotgun red.com
you can click on our wine link and show
you where all the wine is only in
Tennessee unfortunately but it's still
delicious or you can click on cooking
with shotgun read and find our location
it'll run you right back to this or you
can also go to our general store and
find some shocked and red dolls like we
have on the set videos of our live
performance all that stuff but most of
all I'm gonna take a couple of these and
put them on a plate and just set them
off to the side because I know the
little Swiper fingers are going to come
by and grab some of these and that is
the biggest kick I get out of that when
I go to Sonic nothing makes me happier
than to be eating my big cheeseburger
and out of the corner of my eye I see a
little finger come over from someone
that absolutely did not want any onion
rings and swipe one the console was too
close to her so that's the reason see
you next time right here on cooking with
shotgun red say goodnight Sheila so
wonder you can talk with your mouth full
of onion rings see you next time you
guys